[SSL] Apply tabs partially + break out encryption options into separate pages (#5614)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/origin-configuration/ssl-modes/off.md

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Off (no encryption)
weight: 1
meta:
    title: Off - SSL/TLS encryption modes
---

> 

Author: This is just breaking out content from https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/origin-configuration/ssl-modes/ onto a separate page

# Off - SSL/TLS encryption modes

Setting your encryption mode to **Off (not recommended)** redirects any HTTPS request to plaintext HTTP.

![With an encryption mode of Off, your application does not encrypt traffic between the visitor and Cloudflare or between Cloudflare and your server.](/ssl/static/ssl-encryption-mode-off.png)

## Use when

> Cloudflare does **not recommend** setting your encryption mode to **Off**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare does not recommend setting your encryption mode to **Off**.
```

## Required setup

> There is no required set up for this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no required setup for this option.
```
